[Cluster-launcher doc] revamp the vm part (#27431)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/cluster_under_construction/ray-clusters-on-vms/user-guides/launching-clusters/on-premises.md

> # Launching On-Premises Cluster

Reviewer: Grammar: `Launching a cluster on-premise`

> # Launching On-Premises Cluster

Reviewer: Can we delete the old file? https://ray--27431.org.readthedocs.build/en/27431/cluster/cluster_under_construction/ray-clusters-on-vms/user-guides/running-ray-cluster-on-prem.html

> # Launching a Cluser On-Premises

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Launching an On-Premise Cluster
```

> This docs describes how to set up an on-premises Ray cluster, i.e., to run Ray on bare metal machines, or in a private cloud. We provide two ways to start an on-premises cluster.

Reviewer: `s/This docs/This document/g`

> This document describes how to set up an on-premises Ray cluster, i.e., to run Ray on bare metal machines, or in a private cloud. We provide two ways to start an on-premises cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document describes how to set up an on-premise Ray cluster, i.e., to run Ray on bare metal machines, or in a private cloud. We provide two ways to start an on-premise cluster.
```

> * You can [manually set up](./on-premises.html#manually-set-up-a-ray-cluster) the Ray cluster by installing the Ray package and starting the Ray processes on each node.

Reviewer 2: Should use :ref: links.

Reviewer 3: done

> * Alternatively, if you know all the nodes in advance and have ssh access to them, you should start the ray cluster using **cluster-launcher**.

Reviewer: `s/you should start the ray cluster using **cluster-launcher**/you should start the Ray cluster using the **cluster launcher**/g`

Thoughts on linking to the subsection instead of `**bolding**` them? IMO this makes it easier to traverse the document without losing any meaning, since they'll still be emphasized.

> * Alternatively, if you know all the nodes in advance and have ssh access to them, you should start the Ray cluster using the [cluster-launcher](./on-premises.html#using-ray-cluster-launcher).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Alternatively, if you know all the nodes in advance and have SSH access to them, you should start the Ray cluster using the [cluster-launcher](./on-premises.html#using-ray-cluster-launcher).
```

## Manually Set up a Ray Cluster 
This section assumes that you have a list of machines and that the nodes in the cluster can communicate with each other. It also assumes that Ray is installed on each machine.  You can use pip to install it, or follow [install ray](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/installation.html) for more detailed instructions.

```

> # install ray cluster launcher, which is part of ray command line tool.

Reviewer 4: article
`the ray command line tool.`

Reviewer 4: Actually, we don't need the cluster launcher for manual set up.
I think we just want
```
# install ray
pip install -U ray
```

> This section assumes that you have a list of machines and that the nodes in the cluster can communicate with each other. It also assumes that Ray is installed on each machine. You can use pip to install the ray command line tool with cluster launcher support. Follow [install ray](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/installation.html) for more detailed instructions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section assumes that you have a list of machines and that the nodes in the cluster share the same network. It also assumes that Ray is installed on each machine. You can use pip to install the ray command line tool with cluster launcher support. Follow the [Ray installation instructions](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/installation.html) for more details.
```

pip install -U ray[default]
```

> ### Start Head Node

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Start the Head Node
```

> On the head node (just choose one node to be the head node), run the following. If the --port argument is omitted, Ray will first choose port 6379, and then fall back to a random port if in 6379 is in use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Choose any node to be the head node and run the following. If the `--port` argument is omitted, Ray will first choose port 6379, and then fall back to a random port if in 6379 is in use.
```

```
ray start --head --port=6379

> 
> # To connect to this Ray runtime from another node, run
> ray start --address='<ip address>:6379'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```

> The command will print out the address of the Ray GCS server that was started (the local node IP address plus the port number you specified). If connection fails, check your firewall settings and network configuration.

Reviewer 4: `If the connection fails`

> The command will print out the address of the Ray GCS server that was started (the local node IP address plus the port number you specified). If the connection fails, check your firewall settings and network configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The command will print out the Ray cluster address, which can be passed to `ray start` on other machines to start the worker nodes (see below). If you receive a ConnectionError, check your firewall settings and network configuration.
```

### Start Worker Nodes
Then on each of the other nodes, run the following command to connect to the head node you just created.

```
ray start --address=<head-node-address:port>

```
Make sure to replace `head-node-address:port` with the value printed by the command on the head node (it should look something like 123.45.67.89:6379).

> Note that if your compute nodes are on their own subnetwork with Network Address Translation, to connect from a regular machine outside that subnetwork, the command printed by the head node will not work. You need to find the address that will reach the head node from the second machine. If the head node has a domain address like compute04.berkeley.edu, you can simply use that in place of an IP address and rely on the DNS.

Reviewer 4: `find an address` since there might be more than one. 

...the berkeley address has tipped me off to the fact that this content already exists and has been copied from somewhere else.

Going to stop editing the grammar for now.

> Note that if your compute nodes are on their own subnetwork with Network Address Translation, to connect from a regular machine outside that subnetwork, the command printed by the head node will not work. You need to find an address that will reach the head node from the second machine. If the head node has a domain address like compute04.berkeley.edu, you can simply use that in place of an IP address and rely on the DNS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that if your compute nodes are on their own subnetwork with Network Address Translation, the address printed by the head node will not work if connecting from a machine outside that subnetwork. You will need to use a head node address reachable from the remote machine. If the head node has a domain address like compute04.berkeley.edu, you can simply use that in place of an IP address and rely on DNS.
```

> ### Configure Nodes
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> The ray start command also allows you configure the node's resources. For example, if you wish to specify that a machine has 10 CPUs and 1 GPU, you can do this with the flags --num-cpus=10 and --num-gpus=1. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ray autodetects the resources (e.g., CPU) available on each node, but you can also manually override this by passing custom resources to the `ray start` command. For example, if you wish to specify that a machine has 10 CPUs and 1 GPU available for use by Ray, you can do this with the flags `--num-cpus=10` and `--num-gpus=1`. 
```

See the [Configuration page](../../ray-core/configure.html#configuring-ray) for more information.

> ### Trouble Shooting

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Troubleshooting
```

> If you see `Unable to connect to GCS at ...`, this means the head node is inaccessible at the given `--address` (because, for example, the head node is not actually running, a different version of Ray is running at the specified address, the specified address is wrong, or there are firewall settings preventing access).

Reviewer 2: Split out the content in parentheses into a list.

If the connection fails, to check whether each port can be reached from a node, you can use a tool such as nmap or nc.

```
$ nmap -sV --reason -p $PORT $HEAD_ADDRESS
Nmap scan report for compute04.berkeley.edu (123.456.78.910)
Host is up, received echo-reply ttl 60 (0.00087s latency).
rDNS record for 123.456.78.910: compute04.berkeley.edu
PORT     STATE SERVICE REASON         VERSION
6379/tcp open  redis?  syn-ack
Service detection performed. Please report any incorrect results at https://nmap.org/submit/ .
$ nc -vv -z $HEAD_ADDRESS $PORT
Connection to compute04.berkeley.edu 6379 port [tcp/*] succeeded!
```

If the node cannot access that port at that IP address, you might see

```
$ nmap -sV --reason -p $PORT $HEAD_ADDRESS
Nmap scan report for compute04.berkeley.edu (123.456.78.910)
Host is up (0.0011s latency).
rDNS record for 123.456.78.910: compute04.berkeley.edu
PORT     STATE  SERVICE REASON       VERSION
6379/tcp closed redis   reset ttl 60
Service detection performed. Please report any incorrect results at https://nmap.org/submit/ .
$ nc -vv -z $HEAD_ADDRESS $PORT
nc: connect to compute04.berkeley.edu port 6379 (tcp) failed: Connection refused
```

> ## Using Ray Cluster Launcher 

Reviewer 2: Should we put this section first, since we recommend this method if possible?

Reviewer 3: Hmm, I've definitely observed that it is more common to use the manual setup than cluster launcher for on-prem setups.

Also see that it is non-consistent. I'll leave it as is but the copy editor should decide whether this should be flipped or something else should be done.

Reviewer: Consider adding a TODO in plaintext with a link to this message to ensure the copy editor sees it. I’ll make sure all TODOs are removed before replacing old docs.
